What is Environmental justice/injustice?
	Environmental justice (EJ) means that everyone—regardless of race, income, or background—has the right to live in a clean and healthy environment, and that no group should bear a disproportionate burden of pollution, climate risk, or environmental harm.
		Fair access to environmental benefits
		Protection from environmental harms
		Meaningful participation in climate and environmental policies
	Some people are impacted by the Climate disaster worse than the other
		Hit harder by climate disasters
		Ignored or excluded from environmental decisions
		Left behind when resources are distributed
	supported article:  Emergency Managers’ Challenges with Wildfires and Related Cascading Hazards in California
Why is Environmental justice necessary?
	The one who made the pollution is not the one who suffered from the pollution
		Eg: Global Warming Solutions Act (AB 32)
	The people who is under the Environmental injustice didn't support the Environmental policy, which make the work harder.
		The people who is under the Environmental injustice are usually the one who is on the first line of the "Climate battle". Without their support, policy can't be applied very well
	Making sure that the people who contribute to the Environmental policy, will also benefit from the policy.
	supported article: Why Environmental Justice is Integral to the Success of Climate Change Policy
Are there any Environmental injustice today in the Wildfire?
	Wildfire exposure is not equal in space.
	This evolving pattern of vulnerability demonstrates that environmental injustice is not static, but rather adapts to changing population dynamics, housing development, and climate conditions. However, the one constant is that minority groups remain disproportionately affected
	The possible reasons
		minority communities (what kind of housing you have, whether you can afford fire insurance, whether you can understand emergency alerts, and whether you trust the government enough to seek help.)
		minority people are harder to get recovery from a wildfire
	History reason:
		decades of discriminatory housing policies, land use zoning, and disinvestment in communities of color.
		housing crisis
	supported article: Spatial and Temporal Analysis of Vulnerability Disparity of Minorities to Wildfires in California
Achievement and future plan about the EJ:
	supported article : Climate Change and California Sustainability—Challenges and Solutions
The EJ work in California great fire this year
	supported article: Environmental Justice & Just Recovery: Rebuilding after LA Fires

